SUMMER 2024 APPLIED AI MODELS INTERN

WHAT YOU DO AT AMD CHANGES EVERYTHING
We care deeply about transforming lives with AMD technology to enrich our industry,
our communities, and the world. Our mission is to build great products that accelerate
next-generation computing experiences – the building blocks for the data center,
artificial intelligence, PCs, gaming and embedded. Underpinning our mission is the AMD
culture. We push the limits of innovation to solve the world’s most important challenges.
We strive for execution excellence while being direct, humble, collaborative, and
inclusive of diverse perspectives.
AMD together we advance_

As a Co-op student, you can make an immediate contribution to AMD's next generation
of technology innovations. We have a dynamic, high-energy work environment, filled
with expert employees, and unique opportunities for developing your career. You will
have the opportunity to connect with AMD leaders, receive one-on-one mentorship,
attend amazing networking events and much more. With AMD, you can get hands-on
experience that will give you a competitive edge in the workforce.
Get a jumpstart on an exciting career - apply today!

LOCATION: San Jose, CA
ONSITE: This role requires the student to work from the San Jose office throughout the
duration of the Co-op/Intern term.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:
• Research the latest advancements and technologies in Generative AI, designing
and developing innovative applications aligned with company needs.
• Study the SOTA generation algorithms and enhance the accuracy and
performance of existing models.
• Explore optimized deployment approaches ensuring efficiency in production
environments.
• Collaborate with teams, share best practices, and provide guidance and support
on Generative AI technologies.

PREFERRED EXPERIENCE:
• Proficiency in at least one deep learning framework (such as TensorFlow,
PyTorch, etc.) to design, implement, and optimize complex models.
• Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills, capable of working effectively and
delivering results under high pressure.
• Strong communication abilities.
• Master or above students are preferred

At AMD, your base pay is one part of your total rewards package. Your base pay
will depend on where your skills, qualifications, experience, and location fit into the
hiring range for the position. You may be eligible for incentives based upon your role
such as either an annual bonus or sales incentive. Many AMD employees have the
opportunity to own shares of AMD stock, as well as a discount when purchasing
AMD stock if voluntarily participating in AMD’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
You’ll also be eligible for competitive benefits described in more detail here.
AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies,
or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity,
inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry,
color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin,
race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual
orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic
protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will
accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of
the recruitment and selection process.