Minimum qualifications:

    Bachelor’s degree or equivalent practical experience.
    5 years of experience with software development in one or more programming languages, and with data structures/algorithms.
    3 years of experience with full stack development, across back-end such as Java, Python, GO, and/or C++ codebases, and front-end experience including JavaScript and/or TypeScript, HTML, CSS or equivalent.
    3 years of experience testing, maintaining, and/or launching software products, and 1 year of experience with software design and architecture.


Preferred qualifications:

    Master's degree or PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
    1 year of experience in a technical leadership role.
    Experience developing accessible technologies.

About the job

Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

Chrome OS delivers quality computing at scale to provide universal and unfettered access to information, entertainment, and tools. Our mission is to empower anyone to create and access information freely through fast, secure, simple, and intelligent computing.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $157,000-$235,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.

Responsibilities

    Write and test product or system development code.
    Participate in, or lead design reviews with peers and stakeholders to decide amongst available technologies.
    Review code developed by other developers and provide feedback to ensure best practices (e.g., style guidelines, checking code in, accuracy, testability, and efficiency).
    Contribute to existing documentation or educational content and adapt content based on product/program updates and user feedback.
    Triage product or system issues and debug/track/resolve by analyzing the sources of issues and the impact on hardware, network, or service operations and quality.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.